README.md, before:

# Landing page skeleton
This project contains a lightweight Symfony 5 installation with only the bear minimum amount of components
to function as a skeleton for new landing pages. Once you forked this repository
it's up to you to modify it to your own needs.

## Getting started
### Installation
This project runs on [Docker Compose] and therefore requires that you have [Docker Desktop] installed.
Once you have done that, run the following command in your terminal:

```
$ docker-compose up -d --build
```

### Traefik
Thanks to [Traefik] you can now access the project with this URL:
http://my-landing-page.localhost

> *Note: The URL can be changed by editing the `PROJECT_DOMAIN` environment variable.*

### Composer
To install [Composer] packages you can run the following command:

```
$ docker-compose run composer require ...
```

[Composer]: https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md
[Docker Compose]: https://docs.docker.com/compose/
[Docker Desktop]: https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop
[Traefik]: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/

Commit message:

Install PHPUnit instead of Symfony bridge

README.md, after:

# Landing page skeleton
This project contains a lightweight Symfony 5 installation with only the bear minimum amount of components
to function as a skeleton for new landing pages. Once you forked this repository
it's up to you to modify it to your own needs.

## Getting started
### Installation
This project runs on [Docker Compose] and therefore requires that you have [Docker Desktop] installed.
Once you have done that, run the following command in your terminal:

```
$ docker-compose up -d --build
```

### Traefik
Thanks to [Traefik] you can now access the project with this URL:
http://my-landing-page.localhost

> *Note: The URL can be changed by editing the `PROJECT_DOMAIN` environment variable.*

### Composer
To install [Composer] packages you can run the following command:

```
$ docker-compose run composer require ...
```

### PHPUnit
This project comes with [PHPUnit], where functional and unit tests are organized in two separate directories.
To execute all tests, run the following command:

```
$ docker-compose run phpunit
```

[Composer]: https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md
[Docker Compose]: https://docs.docker.com/compose/
[Docker Desktop]: https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop
[PHPUnit]: https://phpunit.readthedocs.io/en/9.5/
[Traefik]: https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/
